stay right here we shall lay right here
cuz everything is okay right here you're
out of focus really look you have to be
on the bottom one
oh hey guys so today's but you're still
out of focus you have to sit where I am
movie go video is going to a challenge
so I got these bean boozled jelly beans
like months ago
but then I was like hmm let me just make
the video so I got my brother a que
Calum hood no his Instagram will be in
the description below if you want to
welcome him yeah he blocks me on
Instagram so I won't be able to know
lucky see if you guys Paul of it no he
didn't but she did you got your luck I
bought them all yeah can you Anna so it
comes with a little spinner in it I
remember me and Claudia made this video
like a year and a half ago and you
didn't come with a spinner so yeah and
you already opened it look look what you
did well game was the little spinner
thing and it tells you which flavors to
do so go ahead spin no there I'm gonna
have to get a black one and it's either
gonna be licorice or skunk spray or
suppose not supposed to do it for all
you dark skins genie but I want to say
go eat it we were we supposed to vote
eat it tastes like skunk okay alright
don't spit on my floor
rotten egg or buttered popcorn it's that
one mmm alright you're like my breath
stinks from this all right even this
woman
I need the moldy cheese on Disney
because
it's too late to all uses subscribers
she hasn't messy room to bet on my
background is in the between be there
peach or barf oh my gosh
set go I can't you did toothpaste or
berry blue now this one should meet you
back as I tasted it and if liberties are
both gay so I got the berry Vicki yes yo
go ahead stick and Akbar this one's the
worst really if it's canned dog food or
your breasts won't look popcorn I think
I got chocolate pudding
slammer white lime lime relying for
launches
are you serious it's not that bad I
don't like the taste of grass Oh get the
cam caramel corn or moldy cheese why you
get the nasty ones tutti frutti or
stinky sock okay know what I don't even
want to taste like his teeth oh my gosh
my breath smells like death really I'm
not gonna brush my teeth I'm gonna talk
to mom go do we not do you baby wipes
your students we have it baby wipes the
right ones I don't like coconut either
so I got cucumetto pan
I don't like coconuts on weight juicy
pear okay go or booger mmm juicy pear
oh no difference I never had a pair did
you taste bad no it's good
so my taste buds cannot handle that
disgustingness anymore so I'm not eating
anymore but that's the end of this video
just something quick for you guys
tonight I do have my prom video coming
out on Saturdays to make sure you stay
tuned for that follow me on Instagram
everything will be in the description
below I'm information and my brother's
was your Instagram Oh J Martinez - is it
really J a Y Martinez - I think probably
well could you looked at him I can't cuz
he blocked me that's it for this video
thank you guys so much for watching
subscribe for more help me get to 50,000
by the middle of March that's my goal
right now come again you have a channel
see know that you said you're gonna make
a channel like two years ago hey guys
bye
you can